# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting 09.11.2023 12::45

**Participants**: 
1. Teemu 
2. Jaakko
3. Janne
4. Otso 

## Summary of works
1. Teemu
   
   Implemented player tank and projectile. Results merged in master and seem to be working
   Finished CMake file and supressed known SFML valgrind-errors from output

2. Jaakko & Janne

   Abstract class obstacle and derived classes spike and wall done and merged to master.

3. Otso

   Was able to run the code with a new laptop

## Challenges

1. How to deal with collisions for tanks and projectiles
2. How to handle controls for the player tank

## Actions
1. Otso will implement abstract class Enemy tank and
2. Janne will finish Spikes and tank collisions with walls 
3. Teemu will implement projectile collisions with the walls
4. Jaakko will investigate adding graphics 

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Tanks are moving, projectiles are flying, walls are walling, collisions still not colliding. 


### TODOs
1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...