# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting 15.11.2023 15:15

**Participants**: 
1. Teemu 
2. Jaakko
3. Janne
4. Otso 

## Summary of works
1. Teemu
   
   Teemu has been a good boy and implemented a level loader and made the projectiles cancel each other.

2. Jaakko 

   Made graphics for the shield effect and implemented a explosion animation.

3. Otso

   Improved collision detection (class OBB) when shapes are rotated.

4. Janne
   Implemented shields and the first version of a HUD. 

## Challenges

1. How to get different AI behaviour for different tanks?
2. Bottom wall scaling at different screen sizes so that the HUD doesn't cover gameplay.

## Actions
1. Investigate sprites to improve textures
2. Implement SAT collision detection
3. Investigate a level designer or json.

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Working prototype that is extend. Level design is drastically improved thanks to the level designer.

### TODOs
1. Otso will implement start and end screens.
2. Janne will improve the HUD and make a implement a highscore system. 
3. Teemu will implement differnt AI's for tanks and figure out how to implement sounds.
4. Jaakko will continue with sound design after Teemu and implement missing textures.